Replace `tier` variable with `use_case` for API Management (#806)
pagopa/dx: infra/modules/azure_api_management/README.md

Author: Do you mean in the module’s `README`?

Author: done!

Those resources are necessary to see the logs within the `AzureDiagnostics` table in the Log Analytics workspace.  
Since Azure can take some time to create those resources, you may not see the logs immediately after the deployment.

## ⚠️ Note about `cost_optimized` use case ⚠️

> The `cost_optimized` use case is designed to balance cost and performance for production workloads. It use the `StandardV2` tier, is important to know that does not support **Backup and Restore** feature ([Official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/v2-service-tiers-overview#classic-feature-availability)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cost_optimized` use case is designed to balance cost and performance for production workloads. However, it is important to note that it does not support **Backup and Restore** features ([Official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/api-management/v2-service-tiers-overview#classic-feature-availability)).
```
